now comes the Baron's main antagonist
Harold buy two attendants Rangda
the dreaded evil witch
the bound approaches her and now begins
the fight
the men from the village in a State of
Trance rushed down from the temple
waving their swords to attack grandeur
and protect the barrel but Rangda
by her evil paw is able to hold them at
bay
suddenly with a flourish of her magic
cloth she forces them to turn their
daggers upon themselves the men almost
insensible tried to flush these sharp
swords into their chests but the Barons
power is stronger than rangas and he is
able to protect his followers so that
their swords do not pierce the flesh and
no blood is shed
now the priest comes from the temple and
scatters holy water to bring the men out
of their trances
the men rush back into the temple the
barrel disappears and all that is left
are the mangy curs eating the priests
offerings to the gods